Last Updated on: April 29, 2021

PRIVACY POLICY
This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder and the same may be amended from time to time. Being a system generated electronic record, it does not require any physical or digital signature. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information when you use our mobile application. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accepting this Privacy Policy You are representing that You are eighteen (18) years of age or above. In case You are under the age of eighteen (18) years, then You are requested to not share any Sensitive Personal Information or Personal Information with us without having Your Parents to accept this Privacy Policy on Your behalf. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION.

CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.

INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Application depends on the content you use, and includes:

Personal Data

Registration information that you provide when you create an account, including your first name and lastname, weight, height, mobile number and otp.

Location Information

Location information when you use our platform to track the activity using multiple mobile sensors. Location information is based on the platform permissions and is optional, though if disabled, the user experience may get impacted

Health Related Information

We use Accelerometer and Pedometer sensors to track the activity and to calculate and provide different metrics to the user.

We neither knowingly collect any information nor promote our Platform to any minor under the age of 18 (eighteen) years. If you are less than 18 (eighteen) years old or a minor in any other jurisdiction from where you access our Platform, we request that you do not submit information to us. If we become aware that a minor has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we may take steps to terminate such person’s registration and delete their account with us.

USE OF YOUR INFORMATION

Having accurate information about you permit us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We use the collected information for below purposes

Create and manage your account.
Tracking of your physical activity, health and location for distance calculation
Create event leader board rankings
Deliver targeted advertising, other information regarding promotions and the application to you.
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Application more personalized.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application.
Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
Respond to product and customer service requests.
Enforce or exercise any rights in our Platform Terms and Conditions.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:

To Protect Rights

If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection.

Third-Party Service Providers

We may share your information with third party parteners to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Platform. We also may share aggregated, non-personal information, or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes.

Sale or Bankruptcy

If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party.


PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

We adopt reasonable security practices and procedures to help safeguard your personal information under our control from unauthorized access. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.You should always exercise caution while providing, sharing or disclosing your personal information using the Platform.

OPTIONS TO CONTROL YOUR INFORMATION

Account Information

You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by sending a mail to "fitlerscommunity@gmail.com". Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.

Location Information

If you don't want to share location information, you can disable the location information from platform settings, however, the same may impact the overall user experience within the application.

POLICY FOR CHILDREN

We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 18. If we become aware that a minor has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we may take steps to terminate such person’s registration and delete their account with us.

CONTACT US

Please contact us by email on fitlerscommunity@gmail.com for any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy.